Add description for safely deleting model (#9206)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/delete-model.md

  "_seq_no" : 27,
  "_primary_term" : 18
}
```

## Safely deleting a model
Introduced 2.19
{: .label .label-purple }

> To prevent accidental deletion of models actively used by agents, search pipelines, ingest pipelines, or other components, you can enable a safety check. If you try to delete a model that is in use with the safety check enabled, OpenSearch returns an error message. To proceed with deletion:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent accidental deletion of models in active use by agents, search pipelines, ingest pipelines, or other components, you can enable a safety check. If the safety check is enabled and you attempt to delete a model that is in current use, OpenSearch returns an error message. To proceed with deletion:
```

> - Identify any components using the model and either delete them or update them to use other models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identify any components using the model and either delete them or update them so that they use other models.
```
